So think about that for a minute. I
mean, in the old days, at at 50 million,
you'd probably have at least 100 sales
reps in the old days because at 50
million, you want to go to 100 million.
So that's net 50 million of bookings.
500K net per rep with scaling and
turnover and turn. That's pretty good.
So you would need 100 sales reps at 50
million. He's going to have five in a
team of AIs. It's not that he doesn't
need sales reps. It's not even that he's
not selling. He's actually a classic SAS
guy turned AI guy. He's just doing it.
Not only does he do it with less humans,
but for purposes of this, he's doing it
so much more efficiently. And he has
10,000 plus inbound leads a month.
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv.
That's salesforce.comsm.
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody, get excited. Saster AI
London is this December, December 1st
and 2nd, and we're on track to
completely sell out with the playbooks
for AI and B2B. Join 2,000 plus BI and
AI leaders for 2 days. 2 days of
practical advice on scaling in the new
year. We'll have speakers flying in from
OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom, Finn, and
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly with Harry
Stebings and more doing our live 20c
podcast. It'll be fun all in the heart
of London. Don't miss out. get your
tickets. You can still go to
podcast.sasterlondon.com.
That's podcast.sasterlondon.com
for a special discount just for you.
Welcome everybody. Thanks for coming. We
have a full day lined up. I think this
is the second AI day we've done this
year. Amelia, does that sound right?
>> Correct. Yep.
>> Yeah. But we will try to well I think we
will do essentially we'll try to do this
every quarter one way or another. In May
it'll be live at Saster Angle. So we
probably won't do a digital one although
that will all be streamed with with
10,000 folks. But there is just so much
going on in AI and go to market in
particular that that's what we're going
to focus on at Saster. I'm going to talk
about do a deep dive on everything that
I'm seeing in AI and software and go to
market. We're going to do an even better
version of it live in London on December
1st and 2nd. If you want to come and
learn how to do AI and GDM together,
please come to London. It's cheap. Buy
your ticket now. But this is a theme
we're going to do for the next 12
months. But the space is changing so
much. I mean, uh, just on our little
team, you know, at the end of Q1, we had
no AI agents in production. We had
nothing. Then we added a general agent
for support and now we've got almost 20
AI agents. We've got
four different AIS SDRs running. We've
just rolled out Salesforce Agent Force.
We'll talk about that. It just started
yesterday, so we need a little bit of
time. We'll share all the data. We've
got an AI BDR from Qualified. The team
from Qualified is going to share how
that really works later today. Uh we've
got a slew of AI agents, and it is so
much different even on our little team
than 90D ago. And and it's going to keep
changing. And I think we even little
team SAS was probably a little behind
the curve at the start of the year. Now,
we're kind of at the bleeding edge and
so we want to drag everybody along with
us because everything's changing. The
models are changing, the tools are
changing. Things that didn't work last
year can work really well now. Uh I
mean, everyone complained about how
crummy AI SDRs were last year and there
still are a lot of issues, but now we
know how to train them. Now we know how
to iterate with them. Now we know how to
work. There's so much more coming and
marketing in some ways is even further
behind sales, but it won't be. And this
whole space is going to radically change
in the next 12 months. And to be honest,
I think to succeed for many folks in GTM
in general, you're going to have to
become an expert. Um, it doesn't mean
you have to be a vibe coder like I've
become, it doesn't mean you even need to
play with things. What it really means,
if you really want to, if you feel
behind in AI and go to market, if you
feel behind in anything, the real answer
is be a part of a deployment. Go buy any
tool. Go buy any tool that that comes
and talks today. Go buy any leading tool
in the space. at some at some level it
doesn't matter but don't just buy it be
part of the deployment train it yourself
be part of the onboarding be part of the
errors and the issues and the daily
iterations that you have to do to get it
going don't just don't just set and
forget and buy you will learn nothing
you will learn absolutely nothing be
part of a deployment to see how it
really works otherwise you'll never
really learn so my advice and we'll dig
into that all day today and then live in
London in December but what I wanted to
do today was iconic growth, which was
one of the top the leading um latestage
B2B growth funds forever from the early
days when it managed Mark Zuckerberg's
family money to being in so many leaders
um from Canva and Enthropic and on down.
They put out this great report. I I
wrote it up on Saster and I and I linked
it to the right. It's it's almost a 100
pages and there's a lot of detail here
and stuff a lot of you don't really care
about about public companies and
nuances, but I picked out I thought the
10 most relevant things to SAS folks for
B2B that show just how much the world is
changing. I think a lot of folks are
behind here. A lot of folks and it's
okay. It's not necessarily fatal. We're
not all being killed by chat GPT
and anthropic, but the world is
changing. I thought this was a great set
of data. This is all data to show you
just how it's changing and how we all
have to adapt. Um, and this first one,
it kind of explains a lot of things that
are just really confusing on social
media. We're like, oh, these these AI
native companies, they're burning all
these tokens, their gross margins are
low, their revenue is not sustainable,
it's not real ARR, and all that stuff's
true. And we we'll have a little bit of
time for Q&A at the end. We can talk
about that. But here's the nonobvious
thing. Yes, a lot of AI companies, but
and not all. A lot of them have huge
token costs. Certainly like Replet that
I use a lot and lovable are at the
extreme end that use a lot of AI.
There's other folks that you would think
use a lot of AI and don't. There's folks
like Higsfield and Opus Pro and video
that are pretty cash efficient. It's all
over the place. But no matter what
whether the whether the cogs are high or
not
the thing is these AI companies grow so
fast that their burn multiple is much
better. It is much better and or at
least not worse. So if if you if you
look here that that you show that what's
happening is yes they have higher costs
in many cases but they're growing so
quickly. they're growing so quickly um
that that is outpacing the the costs of
of of AI. So it doesn't necessarily mean
that they are less efficient and this is
one of the many reasons VC money is all
in AI like there's just no interest in
traditional slower growing software
because yes the costs are higher but the
the cost for that incremental dollar of
ARR is often lower right and you can see
at 100 million ARR the the burn multiple
falls to 0.4x 4x for AI native companies
versus 1.6 for classic SAS companies,
they're four times more efficient, four
times more efficient in adding ARR. Will
all that ARR stick?
You know, I think if you if we look back
at our over the last two years, a lot of
the pre-hat GBT stuff didn't stick,
right? A lot of the early apps that were
that let you before before ChattB was
really strong, there were sales apps
that just used the open AI API and could
kind of help SDRs write emails. A lot of
that stuff died. But I'm not I am seeing
NR is not what it used to be. It it has
a looser definition. But most of the
high growing AI companies I'm involved
with have tripledigit NR. They have
tripledigit NR. And even when they
don't, I think churning through some of
your lowv value customers, but keeping
your high-value customers will mean a
lot of this revenue is pretty enduring.
I'll give you a personal example. If you
follow me, you know I but we've launched
eight applications on Replet. Even
though our first failed somewhat
spectacularly on social media, we've
launched eight and there's a lot of uh
there's a lot of posts recently showing
how a lot of the vibe coding apps are
seeing uh some plateau in growth, not
revenue growth, but in searches like and
and maybe but maybe that's good because
folks like us, we will never turn from I
have eight apps in production. I'm not
taking them down. Our AI valuation
calculator has been used almost half a
million times. Okay, we're not we're not
going to take that down. Now, other
folks, Amelia tried to do something
different on lovable in the early days.
Uh uh landing page, it didn't work,
right? We ultimately moved it to Replet.
Both are great. We moved it. That
account probably churned, right? So,
there there is a certain uh try churn
level, but once you get through those
triers, the core audience can is often
tripledigit revenue retention. So, the
thing is, yes, token costs are an issue.
Yes, AI isn't cheap. Yes, in some ways
the only person making real money on AI
is Nvidia, but they grow just so fast
relative to the amount of capital that
this is where this is why all the money
is going there. Okay. And related to
this, this is related to the prior
point.
This is super important magic number.
When when do AI companies get profitable
on sales and marketing expense? And this
is one of the reasons they're more
efficient than you think. And you
probably intuitively know this, but this
helps in the numbers. The reality is the
best AI native B2B companies just have
insane demand. Okay? They have insane
demand. And it's because they do
something that's not like a little bit
better. Like a little bit better way to
look at your leads and contacts and
opportunities or a slightly better way
to do analytics. The reason they have
insane demand is they can do things you
could never do before. Like look at Sora
that just came out. It's a number one
iOS app. You can now do stuff on video
you literally couldn't do a year ago.
You can't do it today. Let's do a more
practical B2B example. Like we talk a
lot about gamma. We use gamma to create
all our sales collateral. A lot of the
use of gamma is B TOC, but Gamma makes
slides with AI and you can just tell it
what slides you want and it can pull
data from all different data sources and
we use it so that every Saster sponsor
gets a custom deck made in minutes. It's
super cool. But Gam but we gamma's ROI
is so high to us. We found it and we
paid for it. They didn't have they don't
need a legion of of endless marketing
spend and endless sales spend. We found
them and the the ROI is so high that
they don't have to spend as much. So if
you look at this chart, what's happening
is remember, you know, a magic number
better than one means you're you're
making your money back on sales and
marketing in less than a year. And look
at the ones that are rocketing at 100
million an AR or rather above one.
They're at 1.6. they're going profitable
in 6 months versus look at what happens
traditionally at scale in SAS 0.5x that
means traditionally at scale in SAS and
this is true across almost all public
SAS and B2B companies it takes you two
years to go profitable on a customer 2
years
now to some extent when you're big when
you're public and you're doing 500
million it's okay because your base
doesn't cost that much so yes your c
your acquisition costs actually in
traditional SAS go up as you scale but
it's tolerable because you have higher
NR are and so much of your existing base
stays with you. But the reason everyone
is so it's not just that these AI
companies are growing so quickly, it's
that they don't have to spend much in
sales and marketing to get there.
And I'll give you like another another
personal example. I was talking with one
of my old team who's now head of sales
at an AI B2B company that just crossed
50 million. Uh Amelia talked to him too.
I think he has two people on the sales
team. Amelia at 50 million. Two.
>> Two. And what did he say he was going to
hire? Three or four this year? Five.
Maybe to have a fivep person sales team.
>> Yeah. But one to manage the AI. So one
to manage all the AIs and like three
human sales people, right?
>> Yep.
>> So think about that for a minute. I mean
in the old days at at 50 million you'd
probably have at least 100 sales reps in
the old days because at 50 million you
want to go to 100 million. So that's net
50 million of bookings. 500k net per rep
with scaling and turnover and turn.
That's pretty good. So you would need a
100 sales reps at 50 million. He's got
to have five in a team of AIs. It's not
that he doesn't need sales reps. It's
not even that he's not selling. He's
actually a classic SAS guy turned AI
guy. He's just doing it, not only is he
doing it with less humans, but for
purposes of this, he's doing it so much
more efficiently. And he has 10,000 plus
inbound leads a month. 10,000 plus
inbound leads a month. Now, listen, they
have COGS and they have token costs and
you can knock them and they have
competition. But that massive amount of
inbound and the ability to close with so
few headcount just makes these companies
at least from a sales and marketing
perspective and this is not intuitive
often radically more efficient than the
traditional B2B motion where honestly in
some ways you're trying to jam a
slightly differentiated product down
people's throats. A slightly better
marketing automation tool, slightly
better drip marketing, slightly better
cadence tool. The best of the best. And
this is what I would challenge everybody
to do. They're like, "Oh, I launched a
co-pilot. Oh, I launched I launched an
AI Chad. It my revenue hasn't grown."
Have you done something that is so
disruptive with AI it couldn't be done
before? That's where the massive pull
is. That's where the massive pull is.
And yes, have I had a few bumps with
Replet? Yes. But have I been able
without an engineer to put eight apps
into production that have been used half
a million times? Like that is so
disruptive. or the fact that we can now
instead of having to send the same
boring deck to every single sponsor at
Saster, everyone gets a real-time deck
that's customized for them with almost
no work. This is just so disruptive that
that's what you need to find an AI. And
if you find that today, and eventually,
I guess this will all get mature. If you
can do something with AI that is utterly
disruptive with instantly perceived ROI
that has never been done before, the
demand is insane. It it is just insane.
It is off the charts. And even a lot of
the folks that are going to speak today,
a lot of a lot of vendors and others
that will that will talk during the day
actually many of them have more demand
than they can service. More demand than
and they're turning away customers that
aren't the ideal ICP or that they think
will turn over or in many cases they
just don't have enough forward deployed
engineers to roll everybody out. They're
literally turning away customers, which
is in traditional SAS,
wrong, right or wrong, you take every
deal that come that comes in the door.
So radically more efficient for now. Not
not obvious. Okay, this one's really
interesting for iconic. Now it look, it
ties to to this to the strong market
pull. But another reason you can do more
with less and go to market is more deals
are closing. More deals are closing. So
if you just there's a lot going on in
this chart, but they're basically
showing you classic funnels. And if you
look here, it's especially prominent
scale. North of 100 million AI native
B2B companies close turn 56% of their
free trials to paid versus 32 of nonAI.
Now look, not all free trials are the
same. Some AI companies make you pay
almost immediately. I tried to use an AI
GEO like not SEO company but but for a
geo for to see how um your AI SEO works.
I couldn't even get any results without
putting in my credit card. I bounced
others might pay. But I other AI apps
are incredibly free for a long time.
Like you can do so much on Opus clip for
free. Make free clips from your B2B
content for social media. You can do
more than you think if you're careful on
rep litter lovable for free. You can't
do you can't do that much, but you can
actually do quite a little bit. There
are many apps out there that are
surprisingly free in AI. So, I think on
the blend, they're probably comparable,
but think 56% of your free trials
closing versus 32%.
>> That's radically different. That's
radically different.
So, this is another reason they're more
efficient. There's just so much more
demand and people will convert.
Okay, this chart
again, this is a theme and then we'll
move on to another theme, but um this
one is really interesting what you're
seeing. It it ties a little bit. It's
the other side of the story we just told
of someone on on on my old team that's
at 50 million with with four folks in
sales going to add a few more in AIs.
It's not that we have no humans in
overall
o the overall sort of sales and post
sales. It's just we're putting much more
energy into forward deployed engineers,
which we'll talk about next, and into
post sales. In other words, we're
putting a lot more effort overall in AIB
B2B to getting folks trained and
onboarded and and it's a massive change.
So, if you look at this
in um uh in this chart, uh post sales is
31% of AI native companies versus as low
as 22% in traditional SAS. Traditional
SAS. And it's probably even more than
that because if you think about what's
traditional SAS, well, I'll sell you
this product. It'll take you like 3
months to to pilot it, the rest of the
year to roll it out to the rest of your
team, and then two years to get ROI, and
maybe even I'll have an agency at
HubSpot or Shopify or Salesforce that
will help you deploy. That's just not
flying here. what customers are
expecting or they will churn with AI B2B
companies and and is required to train
them is that when we go we go it works
it works so Amelia's talked about this
we've done a lot on our SAS stuff with
our three AIS SDRs and AI five AI SDRs
and BDRs in total they all took about 3
to four weeks to train and then
iteration daily after that and that
training that onboarding
we did it all even us and we're pretty
AI savvy and Neilia is about the best
that there is. We still did it together
with the vendor for weeks. And so you
need if you if so many of the horror
stories you hear about an AISDR failing.
I asked the the folks how much time did
you spend training it? How much
information did you how much iterations
did you how much none well of course it
doesn't work. If you don't train an
agent with a lot of data, especially in
GTM, it just doesn't work. And so we all
figured this out. And so as we'll see on
the next slide, the biggest hiring in
B2B is in forward deployed engineers.
And if you if you haven't been through
it on the other side, forward deployed
engineers, the term started at Palunteer
where they would do these these 8
figure, nine figure contracts and
everything was semi-custom. And so they
would have forward deployed engineers
instead of having a business person that
barely knew the product, they would put
reasonably technical people sitting in
their customers offices getting
Palunteer to work before they went live
and in some cases before they charged
them. This has sort of become
productized, not for these huge deals,
but for 50k deals. It's hard to do it
for for 5k deal, but 50 deal. The vendor
will help take ownership of the fact
that all of your data is in the AI and
tuned and trained and working. If you
don't do this, you're you're going to
fail in these products. It's not going
to work. They do not work out of the
box. And this is one of the biggest lies
in a lot of AI B2B applications that
they magically work out of the box
without training. They don't. So people,
the smart vendors that are succeeding
are putting less efforts into sales
resources that frequently don't know the
product whatsoever. and they're putting
those efforts into folks that can make
sure the customers they do have because
there's higher demand are are trained
and onboarded extremely well in a way
we've never done in SAS. We've never
done in SAS. We've almost frankly most
of SAS we've forced the customer to do
it all themselves. It just fails in AI.
So it doesn't work. So if you look at
this next SL slide, it's just
interesting. The forward deployed
engineer is by far the strongest hiring
trend in the last 12 months. It's off
the charts. Everyone has figured this
out. Um, look, if you have a very simple
low-end AI product, you don't need any
forward deployed engineers. But for
probably most people on this or watching
now or later, you have a workflow
product. If you have a product with
workflow, a classic SAS product, and you
want it to work in AI, it is going to
require training that agent. We're not
yet at the point in B2B where AIs can
train AIS or where so-called evaluations
can do it all for you. No, even on our
own AI agents at Saster, we have 10
years of data on 50,000 people that have
attended our event and 500,000 people in
our database. All that data has to be
ingested. It has to be QA. It has to be
tested
there. There are still hallucinations or
hallucination related issues. That all
has to be iterated all so that when an
email goes out, it doesn't say crazy
things.
If all you do is buy an AISDR tool and
don't train it, you will just have sales
outreach from seven years ago. That's
all you're going to get. It's going to
be no, it's going to be marginally
better. And so in you will think it
doesn't work. You have to train these
tools. And the answer is this huge trend
of forward deployed engineers. And you
know it was funny. We did a 20VC with
Harry me and Rory maybe a month ago with
Mark Beni off. It's a good one if you
want to watch it. And he said this is
the number one thing he was jealous of
Palunteer was one of it was how how exp
how how well they charge their
customers. But he was most jealous of
what they've done for deployed
engineers. He said, "What I would love
at Salesforce is that everybody's
Salesforce AI works before they even pay
us. It works before they even say go."
Mark said this. That's what he wants.
And it is so radically different from
the way we've bought B2B software. When
I was back when I was a VP at Adobe, it
took us almost 5 years to go live on
Salesforce.
5 years. A lot of business process
change. A lot of this, a lot of that.
Business process change is still a big
deal in the enterprise. But people with
AI, the the expectation bars have gone
way up. They want something that is a
step function. And so you've got to help
them train these AIs so that when they
go live, it's magical. Mark Banning off
wants it. You should you should want it,
too. Um,
okay, a couple more points. This one's
just Captain Obvious, so I won't spend a
lot of time on this. It's still early in
the AI journey and to some extent I
would not be surprised if when a lot of
the leaders go public they start to have
roughly similar headcount to what we're
seeing in classic B2B companies because
there's a little bit of convergence.
Uh B2B companies got the fattest and
least efficient ever going into 2021.
Like public SAS companies often had less
than 200,000 in revenue per employees
because the markets didn't care. And if
you if you're one of the folks that
still want to go back in time to 2021,
it's never going to happen. It's never
going to happen. Not only has AI changed
the world, but we're never going to live
in a world where $200,000 per employee
is tolerable when you're public. It's
now 400,000 and up. 400,000 to 500,000.
But the the pre-AII companies have
figured that out. They've gotten lean
one way or the other. But the AI
companies are often hyper. I mean hyper
lean. Not all of them. Glean glean um a
thousand employees at 100 million. Maybe
that's a more more classic look. But
lovable getting to 100 million with 45
employees.
Cursor I don't know if they really had
20, but certainly less than 100 100 to
150 to 100 million. 11 Labs the same.
We're getting there with radically fewer
employees in the beginning. And there's
often really just it seems crazy and it
is crazy but there's really just two
root causes. Two reasons if you look at
it. One is um they're often essentially
single products. So that certainly helps
it it pre if if preai the demand was
lower. So you often had to have two or
three products to get to 100 million in
revenue. So you need two to three teams
and two to three different sales teams
and often two to three different
engineering teams. That alone takes up a
lot of people. These are often not that
they don't have different features but
these are still mostly single product
companies and also a lot of them have
very very lean sales to marketing team.
So traditionally half your headcount or
more is in sales and marketing.
Traditionally 30 to 40% of your
company's just sales people. Um you're
just not seeing that. So the being
single product and having almost having
a much smaller sales and marketing team
enables these companies to be smaller.
Okay. Next point that I thought this was
really interesting from the iconic data
and it's a reminder that a AI washing
don't work. putting AI in your website
don't make don't don't make you a rocket
ship.
94% of public B2B companies now mention
AI and say they have AI agents.
Adobe on its last earnings call Adobe is
I mean it has some AI tools in in create
creative but it's it's not ahead of a of
of a lot of the competition. I think it
said it had uh 5 billion of AI
influenced revenue. AI influenced
revenue. What malarkey? But my point is,
everyone is is either is an AI company
or they're sort of an AI company.
Everyone has a co-pilot. A lot of
co-pilots are terrible. A lot of them
don't work. But everyone's got a little
AI a little Clippy 3.0 waving at you to
help you. Everyone's got some AI. It's
not enough. It's not It's not Was this
could you AI wash late a year 14 months
ago? Maybe. Maybe you get people's
attention. Today everyone's an AI
company. So what really matters is
again, have you built something that is
so disruptive with AI that it will
generate massive market pull because it
wasn't done before? Because if just
saying that you have everyone's got an
AI agent, it's just not interesting. 94%
of public companies are claim they're AI
companies now.
Okay, maybe just uh uh four more points
and then we'll open it up to questions.
Um I think we mostly hit this one on
headcount
but this sort of summarizes it. Startups
are going as they scale up have have
error per FD has gone from 182 to 237.
Again it once you're public it's more
like 400 to 500 but this is this is
materially more significant while
operating expenses has remained flat um
even with inflation. So we're spending
less overall per employee and they're 20
at least we're at least they're at least
getting 20 to 30% more error per
employee than before. So
and we're not paying them more net
doesn't mean that there's not salary
inflation but net net we're not paying
them more. So if you're not working 20
at least 20 to 30% harder than you were
25 months ago
you're behind the curve. And if you feel
like you're working 20 to 30% harder
than 24 months ago, good. Because that
that is the minimum required to be
successful in today's world.
Okay, just um two more then I'll share
where I think it's going. And this one
is minor I think compared to the others,
but I still thought it was interesting.
I'm not sure I like this term offshored.
I think we we all have distributed teams
now and and most of us have globally
distributed teams. So Iconic uses this
term, not me. But it is interesting to
see that going into 2026 um we we have
far far more employees that are what
they call offshored right and uh it's
mostly within engineering as a but this
trend is increasing this trend is
increasing from 24% of headcount
so-called offshored outside of your
primary location and country
international headcount up to 30. So you
know just sort of interesting that the
the it's almost two counterveailing
trends. The whole world in AI is coming
to SF. I put together I should have put
it at this slide. SF almost all the
hiring and net hiring in tech is in SF.
It's twice New York and basically after
SF in New York there is no net hiring.
It's net negative in Austin. It's net
negative in uh Miami. All of it because
everyone is flocking. But at the same
time, we're using distributed and
international folks of our team even
more than ever before. So both both are
happening. We're getting more San
Franciscoy and we're getting more global
at the same time, which is which is
somewhat interesting. So think local, go
global. Think local, go global.
Okay, final one is Captain Obvious. I've
wr we've written on this on Sasser
multiple times. It's been on multiple
workshop Wednesdays, but I felt I had to
pull this slide one more time so that
you so that especially founders and
executives know this in B2B. I know it's
Captain Obvious, but all the venture
money is into high growth AI companies.
High growth AI companies. Last year was
363 billion, which was a massive jump
from 2023 as you can see, but already
this year it's exceeded all of last year
just in the first 6 months alone. 377
billion in the first six months. So the
amount of capital into AI will be be off
the charts this year. You can see it on
Twitter. You can smell it. You can feel
it walking in the streets of San
Francisco. But here are the raw numbers.
As crazy as last year was off the
charts, it's already more than doubled.
And it is 70 80% of all venture capital.
It's not going into just adding a
co-pilot is not enough. 97% of public
companies have an AI co-pilot or an AI
agent. It's not enough.
VCs are looking for what we've seen in
this slide. They're looking for faster
growth with better sales and marketing
efficiency and huge inbound demand, huge
demand from the markets. And this is one
that I again I think a lot of folks are
struggling with because many folks in
B2B have had to generate a lot of that
demand and that still works. That's
still important. The leaders in AI B2B
are doing events there. 11 Labs is doing
a huge event I think in a couple weeks.
Open AAI has done done one just the
other day. Everyone's doing events.
Everyone's doing webinars. Everyone's at
the best events like Saster Annual and
AI Summit in Sask. They're all doing
this stuff. But on top of it, they have
massive inbound demand. And it's just
what VCs want or what is on this fair or
not. Uh if you just look at some of
these charts, ask yourself if you if you
had a lot of money to invest, where
would you invest? You would invest here
too. Even if there's risk, even if
there's risk that this revenue isn't
that sticky. Okay, so just to kind of
summarize before we take questions, what
are we seeing at Saster?
We're up to again adding agent force
this week, depending on how you count,
is either our 12th or 21st AI agent at
Saster and it's our sixth sort of AI SDR
BDR that we've added. It's just
starting, guys. This is just I think
we're at the bleeding edge. We have
other webinars and presentation with all
of our data, all the vendors we use,
everything, but it's just getting going.
It's going to be so much better in six
and 12 months. And we're so early that
um if you were a skeptic six months ago,
please don't be a skeptic today. Please
embrace the future. It's okay if you're
in a conservative industry. It's okay if
you hit your number without any help. I
was just this week with uh VP of uh
support uh at a very very fast growing
B2B company and I asked him what AI
agent he used for support. He's like,
"No, we don't need anybody. Honestly,
our product I we don't we we we do a
million interactions a day. We only get
about 200 tickets. We have a team of 15
global and they can pretty much cover
that. I'm like, maybe you're the one B2B
startup I know that does an ENA agent.
He's like, C, can you answer every
single customer query in in real time?
Well, actually, you're right. We can't.
I mean, then at least have an agent do
that. We're just getting going. We're
we're just getting going. It's so early.
And the second point and this is one
Mark Beni off made when we did the
session with him and he you know
Salesforce does have a lot of challenges
today. It's a $42 billion business and
um there's a lot to do but his point is
so many of their customers have just
started with AI. They're they're so
early compared to what a lot of us are
doing. What it means is the good times
are are are still to come. I mean the
penetrate by from the first two points
the penetration rate is so low that just
as we saw on the prior side for VC 2025
is the first half already eclipse 2024
for agents and B2B AI like 2026 is going
to be an order of ma maybe it might be
an order of magnitude bigger than shear
it should be an order of mag we've just
gotten going and so the third point
I I've I've tried to kick everybody's
ars you know if you came to SAS annual
an AI summit this here. I told everyone,
you got to get working much harder. Um,
I've told people if you didn't get your
AI AI AI product out by June 30, you
were too late. You were behind. There's
no excuse. I believe in all that stuff,
okay? There's no like this AI stuff
ain't new. Okay? If you're not in market
today, it's pretty embarrassing. Your
team isn't good enough. They're too
slow. Okay? Having said all of that, and
I stand behind all of that, when I look
at where we're just getting going on
agents, enterprises, it's not too late
for anybody. We are just, no matter how
it feels with lovable and versel and
clay and all of this stuff, it's great
that these folks have exploded and shown
us the way. For most of you, your
customers are still early. Most most
restaurants and beauty salons and
regulated industries and big
enterprises, they've barely started. So,
if you're behind, it's it's not as bad
as I thought, but it's time to catch up
because 2026 is going to be 10x larger
for AIB tob than it is this year. At
least at least 10x larger.
And the last point on this for the
skeptics, for the skeptics,
if you still don't think AI works, if
you don't think it works for support or
sales or marketing or anything, try a
well-trained one.
Go, if nothing else, go to sasser.com.
Click on the bottom right where we have
our general AI agent from Deli and talk
to it. Share your B2B issues. Sh talk
about a candidate you want to hire.
Talk ask share a sales script. Do
whatever and interact with it. It might
be great. It might be decent. I don't
think you're going to think it's
terrible. And in fact, if you have a
sales marketing, go to market customer
success conversation with Saskers AI
which is trained on 20 million words of
content. It is trained on every tweet
I've ever written. It will be trained
tomorrow on this video automatically.
Everything I say will be ingested into
that AI AI tomorrow. That is going to be
better than probably 95% of the customer
support you reach out to and see today.
But it can show you that you can do the
same. You can do this. Stop saying that
this crap doesn't work and go try one
that does work and start with us. It's
free. Go to sasser.com or sasser.ai or
go to Sasterai. It's really the same
thing. and and and and and click on AI
mentor at the top. It'll bring it up ask
any of your questions. Pretty sure
you're going to think it's you may think
it's we have folks that are on this all
day long. It's a little it's a lot.
Okay. Asking questions all day long
about their teams. We have folks that
come and go.
95% of folks say it's pretty good. So
try one that works in before being such
a such a a Debbie Downer and a skeptic.
And then a couple last points here
and I think the second one is the most
important.
And a lot of
a lot of sales folks are either
struggling with this at one way or the
other or adapting or just starting to
adapt to it. But the reality is almost
every VP of sales and CRO I work with
wants a leaner team now. Now last year
you could see this with CEOs. Uh it
started it it started prei people
thought Elon Musk was crazy when he
bought Twitter and laid off two-thirds
of the company. He probably had no
choice because it it stretched him
financially at the time and Twitter was
pretty unlean just like everybody was.
Everyone was unle in 2021. Everyone had
twice as many employees per dollar of
revenue than they have today. People are
twice as efficient as they were in 2021.
And people thought Elon was crazy. Maybe
Elon is crazy. I'm not I'm not here to
talk about politics or other things. The
guy is pretty successful, but he might
be crazy. Maybe we all are, maybe
everyone in teched successful is crazy,
but it preaged what was happening. And
last year every, you know, then the
public markets put pressure on folks. So
folks had to get leaner, right? And at
first cos in some cases were reluctant
to to do layoffs that they didn't want
to do or to shrink teams uh because they
wanted the kumbaya days of 2021 to last
forever. But going into 2024, every CEO
I know wanted a leaner team. No one
wanted be folks anymore. No one wanted
complainers or folks that took 3 weeks
to get something done. Just CEOs were
done. But I didn't but I I I found sales
leaders were the most reluctant to have
smaller teams and marketing leaders. A
lot of CMOs still needed 10 folks to run
a campaign and they needed all of their
agencies. And a lot of CRO's were still
were stressed that without enough
capacity, they could not hit the number.
In other words, to go from 50 to 100
million, I need at least 100 sales reps.
That's the math. 500K in capacity for
reps, I better have 100 reps or I'm not
taking this job, right? You better go
raise some more money. Even now, I'm I
think everyone has gotten religion here
that they want leaner teams. They are
tired of
folks that don't crush it in sales and
sales jobs are harder. So, just be aware
if if you if you're still looking back
on the good old days of these massive
teams
and not really knowing the product
working that that no one wants this
anymore, not even BP sales heroes. Okay,
this next point is probably the the most
important one I want to say to GTM
leaders
and then we'll then we'll open up to
questions.
It's calmed down a little bit, but if
but certainly the first half of this
year and late last year, the vibe on
LinkedIn was it's not working. Outbound
doesn't work anymore. Everything's
harder. SEO doesn't work. Nothing
Nothing's working. Guys, what do you
guys know that's working? Because
nothing works for us. Our terrible text
messages to folks aren't responded to
anymore. Our generic emails with 11
fonts and four colors um with with that
that talk about customers that aren't
even in your industry don't work
anymore. or it does. It doesn't work.
Um, hiring the n the 20-year-old uh SDR
with zero training, sending a,000 emails
doesn't work. Woe is me. Nothing works.
It all works. Again, look at the leaders
in AI and AI B2B. They are doing
webinars. They have sales teams. They
have they may have one SDR human and
nine SDR AIs, but they're doing they're
doing outbound. Okay? They're doing
outbound. They're doing events. They're
doing field marketing. They're doing
demand genen. They're doing multi-touch.
They are doing s content. They're doing
content marketing. They're doing video.
They're doing all of it because all the
old plays work. Just the playbooks
don't. The playbooks don't. And so,
especially as CEOs, you got to be just
more. It's always been that the number
one risk hiring a sales or marketing or
customer success or any GTM leader of
hiring someone that just wants to bring
the playbook from their last company.
It's almost never worked, especially if
they work somewhere much bigger. But it
works even less good today. Even less
good today. I know less well less good
today because those playbooks are just
stale. The plays work, but they have to
be run differently. They have to be run
more intelligent. They have to be run
with AI. They have to be run at scale.
They everything has to be trained. And
so
don't stop running the plays, folks.
Don't stop showing up. At the end of the
day, you have to one way or another, you
have to build awareness for your app.
And even if your app has massive viral
pull or word of mouth pull like a lot of
AO apps, you need multiple touches. You
need to remind things. Why is Sam Alman
everywhere? That dude is everywhere.
Okay. And OpenAI is the most successful
startup of all times. It there's at many
levels it's because multi-touch works.
You got to it really helps to show up.
And a lot of the the most successfuls,
Anthropic, Open AI,
these folks uh look they're there one
way or the other or they're all
overlays. they are present because it
works and they are doing events and they
are doing webinars and they are doing
marketing and go to the hottest AI
companies and you're going to and look
and just calmly look at their marketing
site. You're going to see all the old
plays just often done really well for
the AI age. So, um make don't use the
old playbook but don't not use the
plays. They all work. And finally, we
hit this one but and I I I know I've
said this too much but I it's just not
enough folks listen. There is no
interest in classic SAS companies from
VCs growing at pretty good rates. If
you're growing 80% at 20 million or 70%
at 50 million, it's it's not cool, dude.
But there, no one's going to fund you.
Nobody. And and actually, it's worse
than that. And maybe I'll end on this.
It's worse than that. And and this one
took me a little while to figure out. We
we we talked about a lot on 20 VC this
week, but um not only are VCs not
interested in a company at 20 million
growing 80%, there's something much
worse, and this is just I wish it wasn't
the case cuz I don't have any uh silver
lining here. Private equity firms aren't
aren't interested either. And there used
to be from 2012, 2013 until 2023. So
there was a decade where if your growth
was decent but not great in SAS but your
burn rate was low and your NR was high
maybe VCs wouldn't touch you but a
private equity firm would come in and
buy you for six to sometimes 10 times
revenue you'd get to 20 million revenue
growing say 50% 60% and cash flow
neutral look no VC was going to fund you
there but a private equity firm might
buy you for 150 or even $200 million
sometimes I don't see any of those deals
they've disappeared because private
equity isn't immune to the fact that
public SAS companies have seen growth
decay that NR isn't sticky that AI new
AI vendors are putting the old guys at
risk so PE has disappeared and VCs are
flocked to hyperrowth AI companies and
this may or may not change but at least
don't live in a dream world where the
next round you think the next round's
going to come because growth is pretty
good it won't if you have any doubt
we got the numbers go to sasterai.ai AI
and click AI VC at the top and we and
literally we added a new benchmarking.
It's our third tool there. Upload your
latest investor update or board deck or
VC pitch. We will tell you the exact
odds you get funded. The exact odds. And
if you don't like it, don't shoot the
messenger. It's based on all the recent
data, 5,000 rounds and more. And I
talked to way too many founders that
think they're going to get funded in B2B
and they ain't. So just at least find
out. We built the tool. It's
benchmarking. It's cool. And thanks
everybody.
And uh Ameilia, do we have any questions
we want to get to? I know you got to run
in a minute.
>> Yeah, I got to run in a minute to go
talk to Snowflake, but what's your
opinion on how do you start to
thoughtfully introduce AI STRs to the
sales team without scaring off the
existing STRs/sales
team?
>> Yeah. And uh literally I was funny. I
was at um it's funny. I had I was
dealing with this yesterday. So I was at
the company meeting for a company I
invested in called Mango Mint. that is
um SAS for salons and spas um and
doctor's offices. Great company, great
great CEO, great culture. People were
just so excited at their all hands. And
this co CEO and I are really close. He
said and I had to do a presentation. It
wasn't like this, but it was kind of
where are agents going? And he asked me,
just do me one favor. Don't scare the
SDRs.
He said, don't don't scare them with all
this stuff. I'm like, okay, I won't. Uh
but I actually I'd already had lunch. I
sat down at tables with all the SDRs.
So, I'd already actually had the
conversation with SDRs.
They understood that the the best this
is uh the best have as more important a
role as as the rest and the others
don't. And the the VP of sales sat down
with me and she gave the same message.
She's like, "We're we're aggressively in
on all these tools and we're growing.
We're growing triple digits at at uh at
8 figures in revenue and this is the
future. We have to embrace it." So look,
if your if your SDRs are going to quit
because of AI, they're going to quit
anyway. And the tenure of an a an SDR is
very short. Just be clear, we need
everybody that can perform. And it was
funny, we were sitting there at lunch
and with with the SDRs, and one of them
was was one of the best ones on on on
Marshall's team. I'm sitting next to
her, she's already got her laptop up.
She's she's scanning a salon that she's
doing outbound to during lunch. Okay?
She's literally doing pro true outbound
research during lunch. She's got a job
forever.
the SCRs that just want to run random
emails and never learn the product.
Don't. So, I I think this is not we're
past the point where you got to worry
about scaring the team. Be kind. Um,
make sure that everyone that crushes it,
be clear to to folks that everyone that
crushes it has a role. This is the
thing. You need everyone that is A tier
on your team. That hasn't changed. And
it's even harder to find the A tier
folks, but if if folks don't want to
adapt, they won't have a future. And I
think you're better off being being
straightforward with them. So, just do
it. Bite it off. And here's the other
thing. So many folks have learned it.
We've learned it. It it here's the other
thing. Reason it doesn't matter. As soon
as you actually roll out the tool,
someone's going to quit.
This is with every company I've invested
in has had the same story. Even at
Saster on our little team, we rolled out
uh a tool called Momentum for AI or from
attention. They're great, too. Even our
little team, the day we rolled it out,
someone on our sales team quit. The day
we rolled it out. Why? because now all
his actions, all his data were going to
show up in real time in a report and in
Salesforce. You couldn't hide. You
couldn't pretend you were did five calls
this day when you didn't. You couldn't
pretend you did the I many stories when
you were out this tool. Somebody quits.
It's all for the best. It's the truth is
it's all for the best. We got to get out
of kumbaya land because
this is a world this is a new high
growth world. You got to be a part of
it.
>> Yeah. Related question.
How much should we be estimating for
cost to invest per year in AI to get
started?
>> It's a good question.
>> Yeah. Okay. What's the cost? Listen,
it's a great question and um
I think it's even better than it sounds.
I've written this up. We Saster is tiny,
but here's here's kind of a I'm going to
write a longer article on this next
week. We spend maybe $10,000 a year on
Salesforce because we're a tiny team.
Maybe maybe we spend a little more. And
I've been a Salesforce customer, good
god, for 20 years, guys, since I was 16.
I've been a Salesforce customer for 20
years. First piece of SAS app I ever
purchased for real. I never paid for
anything before Salesforce.
And um but we spent maybe 10 grand
notionally, notionally, we spent
$500,000 on our AI agents across these
these 21 agents. 500,000. Think about
that ratio for a minute. There's so many
learnings in that ratio. There's so many
learnings in that ratio. It's why
Salesforce has to own agent force. They
have to win. It's why HubSpot has to win
here. Okay. But we are spending far more
on agents than we are on CRM. So that's
that's a meta thing to think about. The
second thing to think about is these
apps that need to be trained with
forward deployed engineers and work. I
don't think very many of them are less
than 30 or $50,000 a year. And a lot of
them actually try to kind of have a
price point that's approaching 100k like
60k a year base base and then 20 or 30k
they want you to pay for the forward
deploy engineer in the training.
Sometimes they include it sometimes they
charge for it. It's whether they do or
don't it ain't free to do it right if
for me I would certainly subsidize it if
I were a vendor but it costs that
amount. Like having a really great
technical resource help you train your
AI for a couple weeks. That ain't free.
It's pretty pretty damn expensive. So,
and this relates to the meta issue. You
got to invest the time. And there's a
reason these apps cost 50 to 100K. They
are a lot of money for be wary of super
cheap apps. Be wary of super cheap. It's
not that we're not getting there. It's
not that everything isn't going to get
better, but it's you can't cut the
corner on training. So, if instead of 50
grand a year, you're buying a solution
that's that's $500 a month or $50 a
month. I'm not saying it's not going to
work, but you're gonna have to do even
more training. You're like, you better
take on a massive amount of burden to
train this app because you're not
getting the benefit of the forward
deployed engineers and all the training,
the tuning, the warming, and everything
the vendor does. There's no shortcut
here. There is no shortcut here. So, it
is it is an existential issue that this
will change over time, but right now the
agents just can't train the agents
themselves the way an FTE does. So it's
it's tough to get away for less than 30
40 50k for any of these tools really
when a month of training is required or
at least several weeks.
All right, so thanks everybody and uh
we'll we'll keep this conversation going
and let's go learn from Snowflake.
Thanks guys.